Update vectorgeneral.rst (#5075)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeneral.rst

     - [same as input]
     - Output (sorted) vector layer

.. _qgisrepairshapefile:

Repair Shapefile
----------------

> Repairs a broken Shapefile by recreating missing or broken SHX files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repairs a broken ESRI Shapefile dataset by (re)creating the SHX file.
```

Parameters
..........

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :stub-columns: 0

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Input Shapefile**
     - ``INPUT``

>      - [vector: shapefile]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - [file]
```

>      - Full path to the vector layer with missing or broken SHX files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Full path to the ESRI Shapefile dataset with a missing or broken SHX file
```

Outputs
..........

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :stub-columns: 0

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description

>    * - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - **Repaired layer**
```

>      - ``INPUT``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - ``OUTPUT``
```

>      - [same as input]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - [vector any]
```

>      - The input vector layer with the SHX files repaired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The input vector layer with the SHX file repaired
```
